Now that we have formed up our verticals in horizontals arrays we need to take those two arrays and
use them to figure out where to draw the different walls on our canvas using matter J.S. want the old
dimension right away.
Is that the different walls that we're going to show are going to be drawn using the rectangle shape
if we spoken about several times with Matthew see me with matter J.S..
So we're going to use a rectangle to represent each individual while segments.
So now we need to essentially just iterate over all of the verticals and all the horizontals and for
every false value that we find inside those two arrays we need to draw a rectangle onto our canvas.
Let's first start off with horizontals.
We're going to figure out how to iterate over that thing and then draw some number of rectangles using
the data inside of it so I can go back down to the bottom of the file and down here.
I'm going to iterate over horizontals using a for each statement I want you to recall that horizontals
is a two dimensional array.
So when we do a for each on it we're going to receive one of the inner arrays.
I'm going to refer that to that as a row and inside of here I'll do a console log of row just to verify
that that is going to be a array of boolean values that represent where I want to draw some wall segments.
So going to save this in a flip back over refresh and there's the two console logs right there.
So now we need to iterate over these two arrays and whenever wherever we find a false value that means
that we need to draw a wall segment onto our canvas.
Remember false means there is a wall.
True means there is no wall so to iterate through those inner arrays we'll do a row dot for each and
I'm going to receive each boolean value as an argument that I will call open.
The idea here behind calling it open is that we're essentially saying whether this is an open segment
of wall or not.
So if open is true it means that it is open.
It's an open passageway and we do not need to draw it while segments then inside of my.
For each the inner one I'll say if open is true then just return.
So we don't want to draw anything in this case.
Now of course we don't actually have to do a comparison with true right here because open is a boolean
already.
So we can just take a look at open and say hey if open is true then return so.
Otherwise if open is false then we do want to draw a wall segment.
So I'm going to create a new variable called wall and we're going to create this out of bodies dot rectangle
so we need to now decide on exactly what arguments we're going to throw inside of there what arguments
we're going to pass to bodies dot rectangle.
Remember the first two arguments are the x y values to the center of this rectangle and the third and
fourth arguments are going to be the length or the kind of width of the rectangle and the height so
calculating those values out is actually going to be just a little bit challenging.
So let's take a quick pause right here.
When we come back the next video we're gonna show you a couple of different diagrams to help you understand
how we're going to calculate those different dimensions.